Operations allowed by the Customer App:

- allows user to consult the next few shows happening in the theater;

- buy tickets for the next shows, using the company remote server and an internet connection;

- select and validate tickets at the entrance gates (present tickets to the validation app);

- make an order to the cafeteria

- consult past transactions

Opções para o utilizador na página principal:
---------------------------------------------

. Shows

. Cafeteria

. Transactions

. Logout / {username} Account

Interface para Shows:
---------------------

. Buy tickets
Allows to see next shows and buy one or more tickets for each show:
First see a list of all shows ordered by date with a string describing the event, its price and a button to buy tickets for the show.

When the user clicks on said button, he goes to a new activity where the user can add tickets to the show (and for each ticket the user can choose a seat number). Each ticket can be removed by clicking on a minus. Then, after seeing the total price for buying one or more tickets, the user can confirm his purchase.

Don't forget that each ticket bought generates a voucher for free popcorn or coffee randomly generated and whenever the costumer buys more than a multiple of 100 euros, he get another voucher of 5% discount. Inform user about getting this vouchers after a purchase with a dialog.

The dialog can be like this:

Title: Vouchers
You got 2 free popcorn vouchers
You got 3 free coffee vouchers
You got 1 voucher of 5% discount

. Validate tickets
Allows to select a maximum of 4 bought tickets and validate them

Interface para Cafeteria:
-------------------------

Usar tabs!!! Como na app Lunch List: de um lado temos a listagem dos produtos a comprar e no outros temos o shopping cart.

Listagem de produtos a comprar com nome, preço e um botão "Add" que adiciona um produto. Talvez uma imagem também para ficar mais bonito.
Shopping cart mostra uma listagem dos produtos comprados (nome, preço e quantidade) dando para remover produtos do Cart.
Também aparece o preço total da compra e um botão para confirmar.

Depois de confirmar, escolhe-se os vouchers a usar.



